the step-by-step strategy I used to
drive over a million blog visitors a
month my blog gets well over a million
visitors a month heck I actually get
over 4 million visitors a month in other
words I have a lot of traffic now I'm
not going to promise you you're gonna
get four million visitors or anything
crazy like that but this strategy is
this strategy I use to get over a
million visitors a month and you can use
it too and I'm gonna break it down step
by step now the part I'm not going to
break down in this strategy is writing
content because I assume that you have
content if you don't have content you're
not really going to get any traffic
so let me start off step one optimize
for the best quality Pages out there
look
if you have a Blog you'll find that most
your pages get very little to no traffic
I want you to go into Google search
console and look at all the pages that
get little to no traffic from Google
over the last 30 60 and 90 days
now look to see which one of these posts
are irrelevant outdated or old or just
no longer need to be there for example
if I had a blog post talking about
myspace no one uses Myspace anymore I
can delete that if I had a blog post
talking about Vine no one cares about
Vine anymore Twitter pretty much Crush
Vine it no longer exists the point I'm
getting is take all your old content
that isn't necessary and just outdated
and no one's going to care about it in
the future even if you updated it and
delete those pages and 301 redirect them
to the most relevant page if you don't
have any relevant page to redirect them
to do a 301 redirect to their home page
the next thing I want you to do is look
at all the pages that are really old and
that need to be updated and if they're
fresh they would do well so within
Google search console compare your
current traffic last 30 days to your
traffic a year ago for those pages you
can see when you do a comparison which
Pages have lost the most amount of
traffic those are the pages that need
updating see whenever you do a Google
search you probably noticed that
Wikipedia continually ranks why it's not
because they have tons of content yes
that's part of the strategy but the real
reason why they crush it when it comes
to their Google rankings they keep
updating their Pages they're continually
fresh more than most sites because so
many people participate and help keep
the content up to date you need to do
the same with your site not in a way
where other people can update your
content I'm talking about more so in a
way that helps keep your pages fresh so
look at the pages that lost the most
traffic look at what terms they were
ranking for Google search console tells
you this and go type into Google see all
the other people ringing see what
they're doing that you're not doing look
at your page think about hmm what I need
to do to provide the best experience for
a user and do that update the content so
it's just so amazing that people want to
read it and that'll cause your rankings
to go back up and you should think about
hey what page is should you keep updated
on an annual or semi-annual basis
because they constantly change for that
topic and that way users find it more
valuable the next thing I want you to do
is combine related Pages see if you have
five blog posts on SEO one's on the
beginner's guide to SEO one's on how to
get started with SEO one's on SEO Basics
one's on the newbies guide to SEO and
one is on what you should do if you want
to learn SEO
those are five topics around SEO do you
see similarities with those topics
they're all pretty much on the same
thing Google wants you to combine pages
that are on the same topic because if
you have five pages on SEO that talk
about the same thing like how to get
started with SEO or how it works
Google's not sure which one to rank for
the term SEO so instead by when you
combine these pages into one more
detailed page a new 301 redirect all the
other ones that got combined into the
main one
you're more better off or more likely to
have way more traffic and better
rankings a old school company called
about.com which split off at the time I
think in the five or six different sites
did this strategy and their traffic went
through the roof they deleted a lot of
content they also combined a lot of
similar content as well
the next strategy I have for you is
Outreach every time you write a blog
post if using stats and data you cite
your sources you link out to those sites
I want you to head up all the people
that you linked out to and ask them to
share your content on the Social Web
don't ask them for a backlink it's very
rare that they're going to link back to
you but it's much easier for them to
just click the share button because you
promoted their business and that will
help you get more traffic as well the
next step is collect an email address
every time someone is on your blog when
they exit offer them a free guide or a
quiz or something of value or ebook and
they give you the email address in
exchange for that so then whenever you
publish new blog posts two to three
times a week email them out saying check
out my latest blog post this will help
you get way more traffic the next
strategy I have for you is I want you to
go to the backlinks opportunity report
within Uber says so go to neilpatel.com
backlinks type in your url this will
take you to the ubersus app
I want you in the left hand navigation
click on the backlinks opportunity
report
this is where you put in your URL and
three plus of your competitors
see what this report shows you is
everyone who links to three of your
competitors and not you see if someone
just links to one of your competitor
they may be loyal to them they may love
them and no one else because they may be
their friend or they may be biased to
that one company but if someone's
willing to link to three plus of your
competitors chances are they're willing
to link to you too hit up all the people
that link to multiple of your
competitors see what pages of your
competitor sites are linking to head off
and tell them why they should link to
you as well they already like linking
out again they link to three plus of
your competitors so they need to also
link to you as well and the more links
you get the higher your rankings will be
The Next Step I want you to take is when
you write new blog posts go into your
old blog post and make sure the ones
that are older related to that new blog
post you're linking to them that way the
new blog posts have link juice from day
one
and that will also help you get way more
SEO rankings and traffic to those posts
now the last thing that I do this is a
really simple strategy is I use a tool
called subscribers it's free to get
started it's a push notification tool
and what it allows is when someone comes
to your website you can have them
subscribe to your website through push
notifications through their browser they
just click a button called allow and
every time you release a new blog post
you can just send out a push
notification next time they log into the
computer open up their Chrome browser
they see that notification and boom they
can go to your website and people love
this because they don't have to give you
their information email
and people love this because they don't
have to give you their email address or
any personal information it's a great
way to just generate more traffic
without asking people for their personal
information follow that strategy over
time not in the next year but over
multiple years you can get to a million
plus visitors a month now of course
there's things like writing content and
keyword research I have a lot of videos
on that kind of stuff and you've
probably heard that but this is the
promotion side that you really need to
get that traffic without this promotion
side you're not going to do as well
if you just want my Ad Agency NP digital
to do all this for you where we want SEO
campaign of the Year check us out
hit us up we can do this all for you so
you don't have to lift a finger or if
you have any questions and you want to
do it yourself we're here to help to
leave a comment below I'll answer it and
I'll help you out as well if you enjoyed
the video like it share it tell the
people about it thank you very much